# CS411-Section-A3-Team-6-Project
Chen, Denmead, Nowosielski, Zhong

Main idea: A game based off The Higher Lower Game. Given two artists from Spotify, guess which artist has more followers. A correct guess will allow the player to take the winning song from the previous round and then compare it to another randomly selected song; increase player's score by one for a correct guess. This iterates until an incorrect guess and the game ends. Users can log in to their Twitter account. Can utilize the Spotify RESTful API to collect artist information and photo. The app will use the Twitter API in order to implement the log in with Twitter.

Backup idea: A travel planning tool that gives asks for a starting location and destination which then routes given user-speciifed parameters (least expensive, fastest, price range, etc.). Then, a Spotify playlist is made that matches the travel time of said route and contains songs that are popular in the destination country or city. If a flight is delayed, then the application can append songs to the end of the playlist to increase the length of said playlist, similar to what Spotify does. These can be the the most popular songs currently or a vintage playlist. The Spotify RESTful API can be used to gather data on streaming numbers, song region popularity, etc. There should exist APIs that have data on flight paths. A database component will collect flights and playlists. Users can log in to their Spotify account to save the playlist or log in to their Twitter to share it.
